The HW4 folder has two colab files for two parts of the homework, which are on the galaxy rotational curves to study dark matter (following Sofue, 2015), and an example of MH-MCMC. 
For the first homework, I read in the data and did the data exploration on my own. When I got to the calculation of the galaxy visible component physical size, I was confused in what the question was asking for and how I would use it to the next steps. So Willow helped explain this to me, as well as Zac. When I calculated for the first measurement that includes the luminous mass, my initial code with broadcasting wasn't giving me an array, as I labeled the parsed data one by one. Then I consulted with Paula, who suggested that I broadcast directly from the dataframe with fewer lines of code. Moving into the rotational graph, I had a lot of trouble getting the desired figure and there were many lines of code in the function that it would be hard to pick up an error just by staring at it. So Paula suggested that I should print/plt.show() the values in the function line by line while commenting out everything else, and that was how I eventually figured out my errors. Willow and Masooma also helped looking at the error. I did the ratio computations on my own, but I was a little bit skeptical because I was getting some negative 2-sigma values. So I talked to Paula about this and she said that it might be okay, as the dv uncertainties were already large. In doing this part of the homework, I was also working on the same table as Tali, Sarah, and Miles, so I might have picked up some of their discussions along the way.

For the second problem, I initially had so much trouble understanding what the question was asking for, and implementing what I initially knew about the algorithm to the problem. I kept re-reading the paper (Hogg & Foreman-Mackey, 2017), making sense of the inputs and the functions, comparing them to those mentioned in the problem (such as x, p(x), and q(x'|x). Following the paper, I initially thought that the function f(x) would be prior * likelihood, in which I felt very confused looking for. Then, Paula helped me understand the problem more, and helped explain to me about the f(x) function, where I realize I was really overthinking it. It turned out that this function is the "proposed" Gaussian pdf stated early in the problem. I then fixed my code accordingly, and eventually, after many tries, got to an answer (So, a lot of thanks to Paula!). On a side note, I attached my previous and alternative code of this problem in the bottom of the notebook.
