The HW7 colab file is in this folder (HW7), which is on exploring some clustering methods on gene expression, namely with K-Means, DBSCAN, and Agglomerative Clustering. I worked on the homework mainly on my own, but I checked some of my plots with Masooma, Sarah, Paula, and Tali. I also talked to Masooma and Paula about normalizing the dataset in the beginning, by subtracting the mean and then dividing by standard deviation. I initially used PCA whitening, but was told that I can do it in simpler means. I also talked to Shar about visualizing the missing values as I didn't understand the instruction at first. For the clustering methods, I followed closely to the documentations for the functions, and concepts discussed in class. I didn't really understand the DBSCAN algorithm at first, though, as I didn't understand why there were [-1] labels in my cluster, and didn't realize that I initially only had one cluster when I needed at least 2. So I went to Willow's Office Hours, and received more guidance about this part. I also didn't fully understand how to read dendrograms and what they signify, so Willow talked to me about it and then I interpreted that I could view them like "trees", and I could see how they "cluster out" as the "tree" branches down, which was very helpful. I read through and studied a bit of the article, and I found it quite fun to learn about genetic expression in clustering, so I thought this homework was quite interesting. Something else to note from this HW is that, we are working with very high-dimensional data, so we had to project our data to 2 dimensions. It is quite tricky to interpret the data as we're viewing these "projections", so I think there can be many ways to interpret them. 
