The HW5 colab file is in this folder (HW5), which is on fitting a line to the GRB afterglow photometry, mostly by an exploration of the MCMC method, as well as a little bit of machine learning for part 1. This homework was tricky for me, and I was still wrapping my head around the concept of MCMC. I did the homework on my own, but consulted people for help with concepts, and when my code has errors. I mostly asked help from Willow, Masooma, Sarah, Miles. For some times I was also working in the same room as Tali, Zack, Shar, Paula, so I might also pcik up their discussions. 
I had trouble understanding the concept of MCMC model (e.g. what it does when we run it, what are the parameters it evaluates, what an initial guess is, how to properly read the feature space projections, etc.). But after working my way through the homework, experimenting with the codes in the notebook, looking up the docs, and some reading about MCMC, I have a way better general understanding of it. Most importantly, discussions with Willow and the said classmates about this homework benefit me a lot in understanding the concepts/idea behind certain algorithms in the model. I also went to Willow for help in understanding how to read the contour and distribution graphs, and she made a really nice analogy of how I should read them, using a visualization of mountains. In running and making the code for the homework, I mostly had trouble getting the MCMC to work properly as it is my first time doing it. The chain graphs weren't showing what the walkers were supposed to do, the distribution in the panels were all over the place, and it sometimes felt like luck when I finally got something to work. It turned out that mostly, there were certain function errors in my code, or that I wasn't formatting my functions the way the code wanted me to, so I left comments and notes throughout the notebook for my learning. In the last part, I was also very confused about the likelihood ratio test, especially with the idea of already having "log likelihood" functions when we still need to take the log to evaluate the statistic. I was also confused about selecting the parameters to evaluate the AIC and BIC tests. So, I went to Willow to ask about these, and she helped me understand these a lot better.
